Various updates to various main ping derived datasets (#521)
mozilla/firefox-data-docs: src/datasets/batch_view/events/reference.md

# Events

Events data submitted as part of the main ping.

This documentation is a work in progress. Work is
being tracked in [bug 1364170](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1364170)

## Data Reference

The events dataset contains one row for each event in a main ping.

## Scheduling

The events dataset is updated daily.
The job is scheduled on [Airflow](https://github.com/mozilla/telemetry-airflow).
The DAG is defined in [`dags/copy_deduplicate.py`](https://github.com/mozilla/telemetry-airflow/blob/master/dags/copy_deduplicate.py).

## Code Reference

> This dataset is generated by [BigQuery ETL](https://github.com/mozilla/bigquery-etl/). The query that generates the dataset is [`sql/telemetry_derived/addons_v2/query.sql`](https://github.com/mozilla/bigquery-etl/blob/master/sql/telemetry_derived/addons_v2/query.sql).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This dataset is generated by [BigQuery ETL](https://github.com/mozilla/bigquery-etl/). The query that generates the dataset is [`sql/telemetry_derived/event_events_v1/query.sql`](https://github.com/mozilla/bigquery-etl/blob/master/sql/telemetry_derived/event_events_v1/query.sql).
```
